https://codepen.io/candace-m/pen/ExVLMZY?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is a markup language that is used as a sort of blueprint to create web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is used to connect html elements to additional functionality. Attributes are placed in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 tag is used for main headings/titles. There should only be one h1 tag.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. The img tag requires src and alt attributes. The a tag requires href attribute.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The head tag contains information that isn't displayed to the user. (ex: doc title)
    7. What is an id? The id specifies a specific and unique id for an html element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can add an id to any html element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? You should only use a specific id once per element.
    10. What is a class? A class is used similarly to an id, but can be used on more than one element and helps apply certain styling to the elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? You can add a class to any html element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? You can use the same class multiple times. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Right click on the link and select open in new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? The alt attribute provides alternate information for an image and is sort of like a descriptor of the image.
    15. How do I reference an id? An id is reference in CSS by using the symbol # before the id name.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. The section defines different section in a document and the div defines a division in the document.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to style a web page  .
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. You select an element by writing the name of the element before the curly brackets.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class is used to select more than one element and an id is used to select a specific element that you would want styling applied to specifically.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? A class is selected in CSS by placing a period right before the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector would select specifically elements that are direct child of the parent. This is useful if you want to apply something to those specific elements.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A psuedo selector selects elements that are in a specific state, for example hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? The line-height property changes the space between lines.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? The letter-spacing property changes the space between letters.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase or lowercase 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div { border: 1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * is the universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? the name of the current directory you are in will show at the end of the command line.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? the ls command will list all the directories of the directory you are in.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? the rm command removes a file, this can be risky because it will delete a file without needing any confirmation.
    34. Why should I use version control? version control helps track any and all changes made by each person
    35. How often should I commit to github? you should commit whenever you make any changes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.  fork-->add collaborator-->clone repo-->create branch-->name branch-->push branch-->create pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 